c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.dll.config
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.pdb
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.dll
c:\users\ronald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.pdb
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.dll.config
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.pdb
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.dll
C:\Users\Ronald\Documents\PruebaProgramada\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.pdb
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.dll.config
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\SuperZapatosP.pdb
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.dll
D:\Proyectos\SuperZapatosP\SuperZapatosP\obj\Debug\SuperZapatosP.pdb
